_Waddaya need roads fer? Any folk'er can't manage-a keep th'er carts movin' downt deserve t'have em!  
- Gerrard "Ger'bear" Fiddlerough_

With the most direct route to the Crater, Latres is blessed as a nation to have the easiest access to the larger [[Kallite]] production within. That, combined with the largest landmass and relatively flat surrounding area gives the farmers of Latres a distinct advantage when it comes to [[Kallite]] harvesting. A good thing too, since the tradegoods on offer from Latresian merchants might be considered the most important good of all - food.

A "community" made up of an uncountable number of farmsteads, it's difficult to even describe Latres as a nation. Instead, an intensely xenophobic culture has broken the area up into groups of a handful of families all constantly vying over maintaining their own ever-shifting boarders with their neighbors. If a farmer plants a crop in a line, that line becomes their property line. If it encroached on yours, well you better start planting deeper into the next persons property. And so round and round the farmsteads go, virtually nomadic as each group jockies for the best locations to grow their wares.

Not only do they jostle for the most fertile grounds, but also for better access to [[Kallite]]! Only the plains of Latres are new [[Kallite]] nodes strangely abundant, but oddly, they appear randomly and suddenly, popping up through the ground not unlike the crops themselves. Since the Latresians don't believe in official territory, the claim to the strange budding [[Kallite]] nodes simply goes to whoever finds and harvests them first.

In some ways, it is good luck for the Continent that the people of Latres are so splintered - their access to [[Kallite]], the Crater, and farmable land would make the nation an economic force to be reckoned with. However, the competing farmsteads spend too many resources in constant motion trying to outdo one another to make any larger of a mark on the Continent.

Speaking of luck for the continent, it turns out that a mixture of [[Kallite]]-infused crops and a culture of unhealthy competition makes the perfect recipe for the development of perfect recipes. Latresian chefs are considered nothing short of legendary in their uncanny ability to create magic in a stirfry. Access to the southwestern coast of the Continent gives a monopoly of seafood to those farmsteads unable to maintain borders around the more [[kallite]]-rich inland plots, and so the seafood is nothing short of (literally) magical. Xenophobic as they may be, to be invited into a Latresian feast is the stuff of the divine.