The nation of Unora would be summed up as "The Mullet of the continent". Not only because it's found at the northern shore, but also because its military culture belies its people's deep connection to the arts. 

Unorans have honed their ability to manipulate kallite into intricate forms that no other nation has been capable of reproducing. They'll tell you their skills grow the same way their weapons do: through repeated honing over many iterations in a way no longer reproducible outside the mountains, but suspicious foreigners spread rumours of Unoran artisans gaining skills through less honourable means

Even their skills are confounded by the specific properties of [[kallite]] however, preventing the smelted material from successfully being made into anything with heft. It has the odd property of becoming brittle in large quantities. Thus, a protected Unoran secret is the art of smelting [[kallite]] together with regular steal into alloys at incredibly precise ratios depending on the tool intended to be made. Too little [[kallite]] in too large of a tool confers less benefit from the powerful material to begin with. Too much [[kallite]] in too small of a tool runs the risk of the whole thing becoming brittle. As such, fully [[kallite]] tools are limited to daggers or arrowheads, while larger tools are often only partially kallite, or take advantage of a [[kallite]] coating, for example, on the edge of a larger sword.

That same restriction sparked the creativity of generations of Unorans, however. [[Kallite]] being as precious as it is results in tool crafting being rather prescriptive in its use of the precious material. It was in the impractical use of [[Kallite]] that Unorans center a large part of their culture: delicate sculpting of thin strands of [[kallite]] into beautiful, complex works of art. It is not uncommon then, for the master armourers of Unora to also be venerated artists as well.